#Create your first app

It's easier than you think to create a Universal Windows Platform (UWP) app for Windows 10. You don't need to learn a new language to start—you can create it with what you already know:
•C# or Visual Basic with XAML
•C++ with XAML
•JavaScript with HTML/CSS

These tutorials help you create your first UWP app in the language of your choice. Here, you'll learn how to:
•Create a UWP app project in Microsoft Visual Studio.
•Add UI elements and code to the project.
•Build and debug your app on the local machine and on a phone emulator.

To get started, choose the language you prefer.


##C#/Visual Basic and XAML tutorials

Use your .NET, WPF, or Silverlight skills to build apps using XAML with C# or Visual Basic.

Create a "Hello, world" app using XAML with C# or VB 

We assume you're already comfortable with XAML and either C# or Visual Basic. If you want to learn the basics, or just refresh your memory, try these courses from the Microsoft Virtual Academy.
•C# Fundamentals for Absolute Beginners
•VB Fundamentals for Absolute Beginners
•XAML Deep Dive for Windows & Windows Phone Apps Jump Start

##Visual C++ component extensions (C++/CX) and XAML tutorials

Take advantage of your C++ programming expertise to build apps using Visual C++ component extensions (C++/CX) with XAML .

Create a "Hello, world" app using XAML with C++/CX 

We assume you're already comfortable with XAML and C++. If you want to learn the basics, or just refresh your memory, try these courses from the Microsoft Virtual Academy.
•C++: A General Purpose Language and Library Jump Start
•XAML Deep Dive for Windows & Windows Phone Apps Jump Start

##JavaScript and HTML tutorials

Take advantage of your web skills to build apps using HTML5, Cascading Style Sheets, Level 3 (CSS3), and JavaScript.

Create a "Hello, world" app using HTML and JavaScript 

We assume you're already comfortable with HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript. If you want to learn the basics, or just refresh your memory, try these courses from the Microsoft Virtual Academy.
•JavaScript Fundamentals for Absolute Beginners
•HTML5 & CSS3 Fundamentals for Absolute Beginners

##Other resources

If you want to develop games using C++ and Microsoft DirectX, see Developing games on Windows 10.

Already have experience with iOS or Android? The Porting apps to Windows 10 section has resources to help you get started.

##Related topics
[What's a Universal Windows app?](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/apps/dn726767.aspx)
